come over to the giant Tiki Bowl
whatever the total I'm coming all right
hey totem pole all right so we go right
here on these things are you keeps the
curve to your right and then just hold
the OEE just lay down okay okra pit no
way they're not gonna find this oh sorry
I think our only chances are if nobody
like actually walks in here if somebody
walks in and goes past I'm doing this is
awesome is everybody in this little
circle recording oh wow just walk fry
bias I got a little god what an idiot
no Dalek - okay here we go
no this is where begin - minutes to
survive is there a timer no okay someone
just ran five minutes if they don't find
us in one minute for 30 seconds matched
if they just found the wob and that's it
then the rest of us survived like I'll
be so angry
this is gonna be awesome so this is
first try first bucket rack oh hey who
do you think's gonna die first my money
is on wob yeah I'm gonna say I don't
know like they can see me if they come
up from that no it's lovely gonna be me
it's probably gonna be me I was just
working or they just like looking over
there dsps oh my god I just would've got
a 56 ladies oh there's the third person
make like patterns inside up here and
they still not seriously you know it's
getting the badges all right hey it's at
20 seconds we're gonna go in between the
two the gaps all right okay no I'm in
the gap no we're gonna go we're gonna go
one person needs to do I'm gonna take my
own so I'm going to hide in the middle
because I've tried so many spots in this
fab only one hasn't worked in this kind
of way a rip look like right up in here
yeah I know we're talking about you can
hide there I'm hide right here see me
gonna be a dead body I don't know where
to go if you're doing that I want to
hide in the open help me help me
okay there we go oh god there's another
one coming at you there's another one
coming at ya spin-dry behind you oh God
thank you so hard oh god oh god there's
so many more at dude just you just some
fun he's gonna hide lays down somewhere
and spear just lay down
a way to manage its man
actually hiding Oh
they're everywhere
all my tank was invented I don't know
where I put it
oh they're upstairs - they're upstairs I
has money everybody they're tagging
hope this other guys hiding
Warda brewery north side
hey did anybody check underground
they're always watching stop stop doing
that what are you guys looking at stop
freaking looking at me
ah what do you do the way
oh you guys are dicks look at the key
okay look at the coke a trip I don't
need to kill cam